**Notebook Link:** https://github.com/SamanthaHGerber/SamanthaHGerber/blob/main/Module%205.1%20Gerber.ipynb

I analyzed coupons for Coffee Houses sent to drivers and their acceptance rate. I looked at different factors to determine what would be most likely to cause them to either accept or reject a coupon. To focus on the Coffee House coupon specific data, I created a new dataframe that only included coupons for Coffee Houses.

First, I looked at how many coupons for Coffee Houses were accepted vs. rejected, and found 7210 were accepted while 5474 were rejected. Then, I delved into factors that may impact acceptance or rejection of Coffee House coupons. Coupons were offered that expired in 2 hours or 1 day, and more 2 hour expiration coupons were offered than 1 day expiration coupons. I found that coupons with an expiration of one day were accepted significantly more than coupons that expired in 2 hours: 58.39% vs. 43.20%. Next, I examined the weather when the coupons were offered. The vast majority of the coupons were offered when the weather was sunny, but there were some offered when it was rainy or snowy. Acceptance rates for sunny and rainy weather were pretty similar with 50.36% for sunny and 52.21% for rainy, however in snowy weather the acceptance rate is lower with an acceptance rate of 43.23%. The type of passenger in the car also may impact whether or not someone accepts or rejects a coupon, so I looked at the count and acceptance rate for each type of passenger: Friend(s), Kid(s), Alone, and Partner. About half of the people who received the Coffee House coupons while driving were alone, then the next most common is driving with friend(s), then with a partner, and lastly with Kid(s). Drivers are most likely to accept the coupon if they are driving with friends (59.69%), then if they are with their partner (57.05%), then with kids (48.31%), and are least likely to accept if they are driving alone (43.79%). I examined time of day when the coupons were offered to see if that had an impact on if the coupon was accepted or not. Coupons were offered from the early morning (7am) to late a night (10pm) and during the day as well (10am, 2pm, 6pm). Most of the coupons were offered during the day with the least number of coupons offered at 10pm. The coupons were most likely to be acccepted if offered at 10am (64.07%), then 2pm (54.79%), then 7am (44.58%), then 10pm (42.42%), and they are least likely to be accepted at 6pm (41.26%). The last factor I looked at is if the driver is more likely to accept a coupon if their desitnation is in the same direction as the coffee house. The vast majority of the coupons were offered when drivers were going in the opposite direction of the coffee house, however the acceptance rates do not differ much. If the desitnation is in the same direction as the coffee house the acceptance rate is slightly higher at 53.07% compared to if the coffee hosue is in the opposite direction of the destination the acceptance rate is 49.20%.

